Which two actions unhide a worksheet in a workbook?
  Right-click a worksheet tab, and click Unhide.
  Right-click anywhere in the worksheet, and click Unhide.
  On the Home tab, click Format in the Cells group, select Hide & Unhide, and click Unhide Sheet.
  On the Page Layout tab, select View in the Sheet Options group.
correct 1 and 3

When using the VLOOKUP function, what is the purpose of the fourth parameter?
  Provide the value to be found.
  Provide a table array where the value should be retrieved.
  Provide a column number in the table array from which the matching value should be returned.
  Provide a logical value whether to find an exact match or the closest match. correct
correct 4

You can use VLOOKUP to combine data into one range. What are two challenges of creating pivot tables based on this range?
  VLOOKUP needs to be recalculated when a change is made to a particular row in the table array, which can be very slow.
  VLOOKUP cannot bring data from a worksheet that is not in the same workbook.
  VLOOKUP must return an exact match to the lookup value.
  VLOOKUP limits the number of rows to the maximum number of rows that Excel can handle.
correct 1 and 4

What are three reasons to use tables in Excel?
To prevent accidental deletion of rows or columns.
To manage data in rows and columns in the worksheet independently.
To improve maintenance by creating expressions that refer to column names.
To quickly format table data by applying a predefined or custom table
correct 2 and 3 and 4

Which two components can be connected with a slicer?
  Named range
  Pivot table
  Excel chart
  Pivot chart 
correct 2 and 4

Where do the sales figures shown in the charts come from?
  SQL database
  Excel data model
  Sales Worksheet 
  Products Worksheet
  Dashboard - CA Worksheet 
correct 3

Where does the product's categories and segments data come from? (Select two that apply)
  SQL database
  Excel data model
  Sales Worksheet
  Products Worksheet
  Dashboard - CA Worksheet 
correct 3 and 4

Once you have created the pivot table, you can analyze the performance of VanArsdel's manufactured goods (percent sales for goods manufactured by VanArsdel) for each State. (Hint: refer back to the Lab Overview for the discussion on the purpose of the isVanArsdel field).
What is the percentage of VanArsdel's manufactured goods sold in Alberta? (to two decimal places in the format 00.00, without the % sign)
47,77 correct

Loading
What is the percentage of VanArsdel's manufactured goods sold in Manitoba? (to two decimal places in the format 00.00, without the % sign)
47,21 correct

Loading
What is the percentage of VanArsdel's manufactured goods sold in Quebec? (to two decimal places in the format 00.00, without the % sign)
54,46 correct

Which version of Excel was the Excel Data Model FIRST introduced??
  Excel 2007
  Excel 2010 correct
  Excel 2013
  Excel 2016

In Excel 2016, which two options below will you find the Manage Data Model icon in order to access the Excel data model? (Hint: for those of you who don’t have Excel 2016, Dany clearly demonstrates both options within the first couple of minutes of the video).
  Select Data tab, then Get External Data group.
  Select Power Pivot tab, then Settings.
  Select Data tab, then Data Tools group. correct
  Select Power Pivot tab, then Data Model group.correct

In the Diagram view of the Excel data model, what does a line between two tables represent?
  Data flow
  Duplicate information
  Table relationship correct
  Data types

When you create a calculated column on a table in the Excel data model, which two sources of data can the calculated column be based on?
  Data in another table in the data model that is related to the current table. correct
  Data in the current table in the data model. correct
  Data from an external source that has yet to be connected to the data model.
  Data from a worksheet in another workbook.

Which two types of relationships are supported in the Excel data model?
  One-to-one correct
  One-to-many correct
  Many-to-many 
  

In which two locations can you use Data Analysis Expression (DAX)?
  Calculated rows 
  Calculated columns correct
  Measures (in Excel 2013, measures are called calculated fields) correct
  Summary functions

What are measures in Excel?
  A standard of measurement across columns.
  A calculation that you create for the purpose of measuring an outcome or result relative to other factors. correct
  A hard-coded value in the Excel data model.
  A way to dynamically change Excel data sources.

Which statement describes an implicit measure?
  An implicit measure is one that you create manually.
  An implicit measure is one that comes from outside the data model
  An implicit measure is one that Excel generates for you when you add fields to the Values area of a pivot table. correct
  An implicit measure is one that you create using MDX formulas.

Which statement describes an explicit measure?
  An explicit measure is one that you create manually. correct
  An explicit measure is one that comes from outside the data model
  An explicit measure is one that Excel generates for you when you add fields to the Values area of a pivot table.
  An explicit measure is one that you create using MDX formulas.

What does the RELATED function (DAX) return?
  A single value that is related to the current row from another table. correct
  A single value that is the sum of another column from another table.
  A calculated value based on the argument that is passed to the function.
  A calculated value based on the primary key of the table. 
  
How many tables were loaded into the data model?
  5
  6
  7 correct
  8
  
How many rows were loaded into the FactInternetSales table?
  60397
  60398 correct
  60399
  60400 
  
What is the total margin % of all products throughout the years?
  67.90
  68.90
  69.90 correct
  70.90 
  

What are two ways of loading data into Excel by using queries in Excel 2016?
  Load to Excel table correct
  Load to Excel ODBC connection
  Load to Excel hidden worksheet
  Load to Excel Data model correct

Which three file formats are valid input for queries From File?
  Excel file correct
  CSV file correct
  XML file correct
  BMP file

Where are data pre-processing steps recorded in the Query Editor?
  In a separate .ps file
  In the list of Applied Steps section correct
  In a separate .vbs script file
  In the Query Editor settings

What three data pre-processing steps can be done in the Query Editor?
  Rename source file
  Remove columns correct
  Split column correct
  Replace values correct

Using the Replace Values step, how many distinct values can be replaced at a time?
  One correct
  Two
  Three
  Ten 
    
Which district has the most total sales (highest revenue)?
  District 01
  District 02
  District 03
  District 21
  District 22
  District 23 correct

Which district has the least total sales (lowest revenue)?
  District 01
  District 02 correct
  District 03
  District 21
  District 22
  District 23

Which city in Texas has the most total sales (highest revenue)?
  San Antonio
  Houston correct
  Austin
  Dallas

Which city in New York has the least total sales (lowest revenue)?
  Arkport correct
  Clayton
  Tivoli
  Ripley

How many cities in the State of New York have sales (Revenue)? (Hint: Distinct Count aggregation might be useful)
  710
  711
  712 correct
  713 
  
Given what you discovered in Question 3, does the same pattern hold true in each of the individual districts?
Yes
  No correct 
  
  
